>> Previously on Sons of
Anarchy:
>> GEORGIE: Wait, I got money!
I got Asian backing.
Billionaire sex freaks.
>> CLAY: They looking for any
other investments?
>> GEORGIE: All the time.
>> OSWALD: Hale's investors
came together.
Charming Heights is a go.
>> ROOSEVELT: City Council
hearing is tomorrow night.
Pushes through the construction
of Charming Heights.
>> POTTER: Hale found his
investors.
>> OPIE: Oh, God.
Dad?
Oh, my God.
What are you doing here?!
>> UNSER: Clay killed your
old man.
>> JAX: You want to tell me what
happened to Piney?
>> OPIE: Clay killed my old man.
Did you know?!
>> JAX: No, Ope!
>> OPIE: You're going to die.
>> JAX: Ope!
Don't make me kill you.
(grunting and groaning)
>> JAX: Oh, shit.
>> UNSER: Christ!
>> JAX: Call an ambulance!
>> We're prepping him for
surgery.
>> GEMMA: Just keep him alive.
Clay will keep on hurting
everyone that gets in his path.
Where are the letters, Tara?
I'll give them to Clay.
We put this to bed.
This may be the only way we get
out of this alive.
>> TARA: They're in the
storage unit.
>> JAX: I know Clay and Piney
were beefing over this cartel
shit.
>> GEMMA: Wasn't over the
cartel-- it was over these.
They're letters from your
father.
Clay Morrow killed your father.
Stole that seat away from this
family, gunned down your
father's best friend.
He tried to kill your wife.
He's a murderous traitor.
You take your place at the head
of this table where you belong.
You kill Clay.
>> TARA: And this is how you
do it.
It's a blood thinner.
He'll bleed into his lungs
and drown.
You kill him, and then you come
and get me and our boys and
drive us out of this poisonous
town.
>> GEMMA: What are you doing?
>> TARA: Everything you taught
me.
He's mine.
>> GAALAN: Well, you know how
the cartel does business.
They're heathens.
>> CLAY: Don't like what you
hear, take your big guns and
go home.
>> GAALAN: And you'll be at that
sit-down?
>> CLAY: Absolutely.
I'm your guy, Gaalan.
>> POTTER: Juan Carlos just
locked down our Irish-cartel
gun meet.
>> JAX: We got a member inside
who may have flipped.
Otto Delaney.
>> LUIS: Does Otto know
about us?
>> JAX: No, but it means the
Feds could be circling us.
>> ROMEO: I'm not sure who he
was talking to, but he never
sold out your club.
>> JAX: You sure?
>> ROMEO: Trust me.
I'll see you at 3:00.
>> JAX: Yeah, we're a go.
(garbled radio transmission)
>> POTTER: In the last 16
months, this case has taken
98,000 man-hours in four
different countries.
Recently, it claimed the life
of our colleague, FBI Agent
Ronald Worski.
Now, our sacrifices and hard
work allow us this moment-- an
opportunity to bring three
violent and criminal
organizations to justice.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are
clear to execute all warrants.
(hollering)
And whatever or whomever you
believe in...
may it grant you safety and
speed.
(motorcycle engines humming)
>> MEDINA: We're out.
He covered it.
>> LUIS: That's good.
>> ROMEO: I talked to Teller.
MC's on board.
Irish will be there.
>> LUIS: Transport's all set.
>> MEDINA: All right.
Let's go.
We don't want to be late.
(engine starts)
What's up?
>> HAPPY: Got one of each big
gun in the back of the van.
>> JAX: Okay, good.
Take a walk, all right?
Make sure none of the Wahewa
are around.
>> HAPPY: Got it.
>> POTTER: Tell Casey to
pull back.
Make sure they don't spot him.
>> ROOSEVELT: Where's the rest
of them?
>> POTTER: Jax is early.
They'll show.
>> GRAD: Oh, my God.
(Grad groans)
>> GRAD: Shit!
(indistinct radio transmission)
>> ROOSEVELT: What the hell are
they doing here?
>> Alphonse Medina, Operative
supervisor, Central Intelligence
Agency.
Are you AUSA Lincoln Potter?
>> POTTER: Let me guess.
You recruited Señor Parada and
Torres from Grupo Aeromovil.
>> MEDINA: Can we talk in
private?
>> POTTER: No.
If the three amigos have
something to say, say it to my
team.
>> ROMEO: Yes, we've been
working with the CIA.
>> LUIS: NCS. Inside Sonora.
>> ROOSEVELT: So what does this
mean for RICO?
>> POTTER: It means our
government is backing one cartel
to overthrow the others.
'Cause if you control the
drugs...
you control the politics.
>> MEDINA: It's how we stabilize
an important ally.
>> POTTER: Oh, yes, that, too.
>> MEDINA: We're shutting down
your RICO operation.
>> ROOSEVELT: Jesus Christ.
>> ROMEO: This deal with the
Sons of the Irish has to go
through.
>> MEDINA: It's all right there.
Justice Department has signed
off.
You better brief your team.
They're gonna need to turn over
all their files and contacts.
(indistinct radio transmission)
♪ Riding through this world
All alone
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line
♪ On the devil's bed
Until you die
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye. ♪
>> CHIBS: Jackie.
>> JAX: Gaalan, good to see you.
>> GAALAN: Where's Clay?
>> JAX: Something went down
last night.
Clay got shot.
>> GAALAN: What happened?
>> JAX: We're not sure yet.
They hit him at the garage.
Had nothing to do with this.
>> CHIBS: There's been a problem
brewing in Oakland; white thing.
>> GAALAN: Is he gonna live?
>> JAX: Yeah. Yeah, he pulled
through the worst of it.
This is Romeo Parada.
>> ROMEO: Mr. O'Shay.
Pleasure to meet you.
My associate, Luis Torres.
>> LUIS: Heard a lot about you,
sir.
>> GAALAN: When will Clay be
back on his feet?
>> JAX: It's hard to say right
now.
We're up to speed on schedules
and routes.
I'll be able to talk you through
everything.
>> GAALAN: No, you won't.
I made it very clear to Clay,
the only way this deal happens
is if he's running it.
>> JAX: Gaalan, we run things as
a club.
We can make this work without
Clay.
>> GAALAN (chuckles): It's not
just about making it work.
It's about trust.
I have little in you, and less
in them.
When Clay is back at the table,
we can discuss the deal.
Until then, there is none.
>> JAX: Gaalan!
>> CHIBS: Jackie, leave it.
You'll make it worse.
These stubborn bastards won't
hear you.
>> ROMEO: We have to talk.
>> JAX: Yeah.
(garbled radio transmissions)
>> POTTER: Goes down as quickly
as it goes up.
>> ROOSEVELT: So that's it, huh?
They just let the MC's continue
to run drugs and sell weapons to
the goddamn cartel.
>> POTTER: For the greater good.
>> ROOSEVELT: What about the
smaller good?
They are doing this shit in my
county.
What is this for?
>> POTTER: I thought you might
want to be the one to release
him.
I had the DEA raid his weed
shop, tell the workers that they
picked up the owners.
Gives him a cover story for the
last 24 hours.
I've stricken Juice's colored
past from the record.
He's...
he's free and clear.
>> ROOSEVELT: Why would you do
that?
>> POTTER: Because.
The bad guys won today, Sheriff.
And they may not know it yet,
but Juice and the MC are on the
losing end, just like us.
I have tremendous respect for
you, Eli.
(indistinct radio transmission)
>> ROOSEVELT: You're a really
odd dude, man.
You know that's really hard to
get past, right?
>> POTTER: I do.
But it serves a purpose.
I don't really like people all
that much.
(chuckles softly)
Be well, sir.
>> ROOSEVELT: Yeah.
You, too.
(car door opens)
(door closes)
(engine starts)
(Romeo whistles, snaps fingers)
>> JAX: Look, I'm sorry.
We really had thought we
could pull this off.
The truth is we're in
over our heads.
I know Clay thought we could
make this work, but we can't.
We're not drug mulers,
big arms dealers.
We're small-time, man.
We can't do this anymore.
>> ROMEO: I'm afraid we're at
cross purposes, Mr. Teller.
>> JAX: Oh, shit.
>> LUIS: Otto Delaney did
sell you out.
U.S. Attorney was gonna
crush this meet with RICO.
We stopped them because we need
this relationship to continue.
>> ROMEO: CIA is subsidizing
Galindo.
We need the money from the coke
and the Irish guns to do that.
>> JAX: You just heard O'Shay.
He won't deal with me.
>> ROMEO: Then you better make
sure Clay gets well... soon.
Because if you don't, we give
RICO the green light.
>> JAX: Do the Feds have
Bobby and Juice?
>> LUIS: Just Munson.
That's who Delaney gave up to
establish history.
U.S. Attorney has more than
enough to indict.
>> ROMEO: When things are
running smoothly with the Irish,
I'll do my best to get
Munson clear of all the charges.
>> JAX: Look, whoever replaces
Clay might not want this.
SAMCRO could vote
the cartel down.
>> ROMEO: It's not gonna happen
because you will be
taking the reins.
>> LUIS: And all this stays
between us.
If anyone else finds out,
the club, your family,
we'll crush your MC.
>> JAX: Did you know that Clay
wanted my old lady dead?
Were you the ones he hired?
(Romeo sighs)
>> ROMEO: He thought she knew
too much about our business.
We wouldn't have hurt her.
>> JAX: You did hurt her.
>> LUIS: We were going to
debrief her, keep her in
protective custody.
>> ROMEO: I'm sorry for
what happened.
But we've gotta ask:
is she a threat?
>> JAX: No.
>> ROMEO: Then why did Clay
want her dead?
>> JAX: It's a family problem.
>> ROMEO: What you're thinking,
what you're feeling...
bury it, son.
Because if Clay goes away,
so do you and all your brothers.
>> LUIS: We'll be in touch.
(birds chirping)
(engines rev in distance)
>> JAX: I'm sorry.
(door opens)
(television plays indistinctly)
(Roosevelt sniffles)
(door clangs shut)
(broadcast stops)
>> JUICE: Shit.
How many guys did they arrest?
>> ROOSEVELT: None.
It didn't happen.
RICO's gone away for now.
They'll be cutting you loose.
>> JUICE: What the hell does
that mean?
>> ROOSEVELT: Means the U.S.
Attorney doesn't have any
leverage on you.
The intel on your daddy's
been purged.
That is the only proof.
Thought I'd give you the
satisfaction of tearing it up.
>> JUICE: Why you doing this?
>> ROOSEVELT: You're a criminal,
you do bad shit.
I'm a cop, I stop you.
I just wanna get back to that.
>> JUICE: Yeah, okay.
>> JACOB: My office has sent
over the outstanding paperwork
and the permits required by
the city for your review.
>> WESTMORELAND: Thank you,
Mr. Mayor.
We will now proceed with C50710.
This is the ordinance to allow
the property associated with the
99 on-ramp to...
>> POTTER: Sorry,
Your Excellence.
Lincoln Potter, Assistant U.S.
Attorney, San Joaquin County.
>> WESTMORELAND: What is this
about, Mr. Potter?
We're in the middle
of a council meeting.
>> POTTER: Moral bankruptcy,
sir.
Jacob Hale has scraped the
bottom of the barrel to fund
Charming Heights, and he's
dumping the sludge in
your backyard.
>> JACOB: Jesus Christ!
What the hell is this?
>> POTTER: The Tokyo Fund, as
it's called in the Mayor's
proposal, is actually
a single investor:
the Natsuki Family,
the largest manufacturer of sex
dolls and hardcore sex
paraphernalia in the world.
Including the sumyoung boy line
for the discerning pedophile.
>> JACOB: Oh, come on!
Peter, this is bullshit.
He has no right...
>> WESTMORELAND: Jacob!
Let him finish.
>> POTTER: As a public servant
of this district, I felt the
good people of Charming needed
to know the truth.
It's all there.
Feel free to review and...
explore.
Have a good day.
(overlapping chatter)
>> JACOB: Why are you doing
this?
>> POTTER: Because I don't like
you.
And the good guys need a win.
(sportscast plays indistinctly)
(monitor beeping)
>> TIG: Hey.
What did Romeo want?
>> JAX: I'll fill everyone in.
Chapel, 8:00.
>> TIG: Okay.
>> JAX: How's he doing?
>> TIG: He's in and out.
>> JAX: Give me a minute with
him.
>> TIG: Okay.
(turns the TV off)
I'll call the guys, tell them
about church.
(monitor beeping)
(Jax sighs)
(beeping continues)
(Clay breathes loudly)
>> CLAY: Son.
(panting)
(panting continues)
(monitor beeping)
>> CLAY: What are you...?
>> JAX: I read the letters.
I know you killed my father.
(Clay groans)
>> JAX: Piney.
You tried to kill Tara.
>> CLAY: Please.
Son...
>> JAX: Don't... call me that.
The only reason I am not slicing
you open right now is 'cause I
need this cartel deal to happen.
And those prick Irishmen won't
deal with anyone else.
>> CLAY: You gotta let me tell
you...
>> JAX: No.
You're done telling me anything.
Now I tell you.
You're stepping down as
president.
You can sit at the table.
You can have a vote.
But that's it.
You keep the Irish happy, and
you stay out of my goddamn way.
If you don't, I'll let the club
read the letters.
(Clay grunts)
>> JAX: And I let Opie tell
everyone you murdered his old
man.
>> CLAY: Who gave you the
letters?
>> JAX: Doesn't matter.
>> CLAY: Gemma?
>> JAX: You stay away from Tara
and my mother.
>> CLAY: This is a mistake...
>> JAX: Do... you... understand?
>> CLAY: Ah...
(Clay groans)
Yeah.
(Clay sighs)
(grunts)
>> CLAY: You may as well kill
me.
(Jax laughs)
>> JAX: You're already dead.
(sighs)
>> GEMMA: You can't leave me,
Jackson.
>> JAX: I'm not going anywhere.
Don't worry.
He won't hurt you again.
(monitor beeping)
>> RITA: And then he dumped a
duffle bag full of sex toys.
>> ROOSEVELT:And he just
dropped them off and left?
>> RITA: Yeah.
Like a freaky messenger.
(Roosevelt chuckles)
They called a recess on the
vote.
(knocking at door)
>> ROOSEVELT: Yeah.
>> CANE: Sorry, LT, but this
just came in from Oakland.
It was a hit and run.
>> ROOSEVELT: Then why is it
hitting my desk?
>> CANE: Victim was Laroy
Wayne's girlfriend.
Niners were seen pursuing a guy
on a motorcycle, and Gang
Taskforce thinks it might have
something to do with the Sons.
>> ROOSEVELT: Oh, shit.
Is this right?
The victim was Veronica Pope?
>> CANE: Yeah.
>> RITA: Who's Veronica Pope?
>> ROOSEVELT: Damon Pope's
daughter.
Very serious player.
Currently the most dangerous
gangster in Oaktown.
(motorcycle engine revving)
>> JAX: How's the wrist?
>> OPIE: It's fine, considering
a bullet just went through it.
>> JAX: Yeah.
Thanks for coming by.
>> OPIE: You find anything out?
>> JAX: Yeah.
Few things.
You were right.
Clay killed your old man.
>> OPIE: Shit.
You should have let me finish
it.
>> JAX: We can't kill him, Ope.
Gaalan won't deal with me.
We need to keep Clay alive to
handle this cartel thing.
>> OPIE: We don't need Galindo.
>> JAX: If I kill this Mexican
alliance, the whole club
suffers.
>> OPIE: What are you talking
about, man?
>> JAX: I'm staying.
I'm taking the gavel.
I need you at my left.
Be my VP.
>> OPIE: And how does that work
with Clay still around?
>> JAX: Clay stepped down.
It's our club now.
>> OPIE: I... I don't get it.
Why are you staying?
What the hell happened today?
>> JAX: I need you to trust me.
>> OPIE: Give me a reason.
>> JAX: I'll tell you
everything.
And the club.
I just got to do it at the right
time.
>> OPIE: In my book, that's
lying.
>> JAX: We got church in an
hour.
I want you there.
(door creaks open)
(door closes)
>> TARA: What is it?
(Thomas cooing)
(Jax sighs)
>> JAX: The CIA is behind this
Irish-cartel hookup.
They've been playing us.
If I kill Clay, the Irish walk
away, the deal falls apart, and
the Feds take us all down.
>> TARA: Oh, my God.
>> JAX: I'm not supposed to tell
anyone, Tara, but I can't have
any more secrets.
>> TARA: Okay, baby.
You have to stay.
(sighs)
>> JAX: Walking away from my
club is one thing, but letting
it die...
I can't.
It's part of me.
I'm so sorry.
I know you have to go.
Take our boys, go to Oregon.
I'll send you all the money you
need.
(Jax sobbing)
I love you so much.
♪ ♪
(door opens)
(Thomas coos)
>> TARA (sobbing): He's mine.
(sniffling)
♪ ♪
(monitor beeping)
>> JAX: No, Tig.
You're there, brother.
You good with that?
>> CHIBS: Absolutely.
>> JAX: Sit down.
♪ ♪
You all straightened out?
>> JUICE: Yeah.
I'm good.
>> JAX: Okay.
(Jax sighs)
>> CHIBS: Ope coming?
>> JAX: What time is it?
>> HAPPY: 8:03.
(door opens)
>> TARA: I'm sorry.
>> JAX: It's okay.
>> TARA: I'm not going
anywhere.
I'm here, baby, I'm here.
♪ ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org